1. Install Node.js and npm
2. git clone this repository in a directory
3. cd to cordova-cli folder of this repository and issue the command npm link inside the folder
4. To create a new project : issue the command - cordova create <name of the project directory> <project id> <project name> 
5.  To add the sugar platform to your project :
     (i)Copy the 'sugar' directory from this repo into :
	    a) Linux or mac users : in ~/.cordova/lib
            b) Windows - C:\<User name>\.cordova 

     (ii)Issue the command : cordova platform add sugar inside the project directory created above

6. Build your web app - make changes in www or copy your cross platform cordova app in www folder of the project directory you created in step 3

7. Add Plugins : To add plugins to your project - copy the plugin you wish to add from the plugin folder of this repository, and paste in your project directory's plugin folder, follow the plugin documentation at the apache cordova's website or you can see the sample applications for sugar using that plugin.

8. Make Native Sugar application from your web app :
                    
     (i) If you dont have much knowledge of sugar and just wish to port your web application to the sugar environment then make your .xo by giving the command : cordova build sugar ( no arguments) inside your cordova project directory

     (ii) If you know about the sugar environment and would like to make use of sugar web to make your activity then build the project with the command : cordova build sugar --noiframe inside your cordova project directory

     (iii) A note to windows user :  install 7zip and set the environment variable ZIPCOMMAND with the command
set ZIPCOMMAND="c:\Program Files\7-Zip\7z.exe" a -r -tzip -aoa before giving the build command

9. To install your xo in sugar environment :
      (i) copy your xo into the sugar environment and issue the command - sugar-install-bundle <prjoect name>.xo

      (ii) Kindly note to make changes in your sugar build environment as mentioned in "changes in sugar build" folder else plugins would not work
